Default profile creation making sure a profile is setup (#339)
openqasm/qe-compiler: README.md

3. Export local Conan recipe dependencies to Conan: `./conan_deps.sh`
4. `mkdir build && cd build`

> 5. Install Conan dependencies: `conan install .. --build=outdated -pr:h default -pr:b default`
> (In case you see https://github.com/openqasm/qe-compiler/issues/309#issuecomment-2455022632 which is seems to not able to detect your compiler version. Check this issue https://github.com/conan-io/conan/issues/11444
>    
>     To eliminate this , we make a sure a new default profile is setup by running the command.
>      `conan profile new default --detect --force`).
> 6. Invoke the build with Conan: `conan build ..`. This will build the compiler.
> 7. To run tests: `conan build .. --test`

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
5. If installing Conan for the first time, create a new profile `conan profile new default --detect`
6. Install Conan dependencies: `conan install .. --build=outdated -pr:h default -pr:b default`
7. Invoke the build with Conan: `conan build ..`. This will build the compiler.
8. To run tests: `conan build .. --test`
```
